Improve field value parsing by adding `NoDecode` and `ForceDecode` annotations (#492)
pydantic/pydantic-settings: docs/index.md

#> {'numbers': [1, 2, 3]}
```

### Disabling JSON parsing

> pydatnic-settings by default parses complex types from environment variables as JSON strings. If you want to disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pydantic-settings by default parses complex types from environment variables as JSON strings. If you want to disable
```

> this behavior for a field and parse the value by your own, you can annotate the field with `NoDecode`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this behavior for a field and parse the value in your own validator, you can annotate the field with `NoDecode`:
```
Will `NoDecode` and `ForceDecode` be included in API documentation? They should, if so we should link to the API documentation here.

from pydantic_settings import BaseSettings, NoDecode

class Settings(BaseSettings):
    numbers: Annotated[List[int], NoDecode]  # (1)!

    @field_validator('numbers', mode='before')
    @classmethod
    def decode_numbers(cls, v: str) -> List[int]:
        return [int(x) for x in v.split(',')]

os.environ['numbers'] = '1,2,3'
print(Settings().model_dump())
#> {'numbers': [1, 2, 3]}
```

1. The `NoDecode` annotation disables JSON parsing for the `numbers` field. The `decode_numbers` field validator
   will be called to parse the value.

You can also disable JSON parsing for all fields by setting the `enable_decoding` config setting to `False`:

```py
import os
from typing import List

from pydantic import field_validator

from pydantic_settings import BaseSettings, SettingsConfigDict

class Settings(BaseSettings):
    model_config = SettingsConfigDict(enable_decoding=False)

    numbers: List[int]

    @field_validator('numbers', mode='before')
    @classmethod
    def decode_numbers(cls, v: str) -> List[int]:
        return [int(x) for x in v.split(',')]

os.environ['numbers'] = '1,2,3'
print(Settings().model_dump())
#> {'numbers': [1, 2, 3]}
```

> You can force JSON parsing for a field by annotating it with `ForceDecode`. This will bypass

Reviewer: same.

the the `enable_decoding` config setting:

```py
import os
from typing import List

from typing_extensions import Annotated

from pydantic_settings import BaseSettings, ForceDecode, SettingsConfigDict

class Settings(BaseSettings):
    model_config = SettingsConfigDict(enable_decoding=False)

> 

Reviewer: you should add another field here to show it's not decoded by default.
